Uncapped MVC Outline


I would like to design and develop an application that would allow individuals who are passionate about craft beer to
communicate with one another about the beers they enjoy while also keeping a personal and interactive index of each
beer they have tasted.
This application would also allow users to inform their friends of where they could find some of the more elusive and harder
to find beers and whether or not some beers are worth seeking based on what other users have to say about them.




This application would allow anyone to have their own page so having it include user functionality is a must.
When booting the application users will be greeted by a home page that is an index of all the "check-ins" from their friends,
similar to a Facebook or Twitter vibe.
As i eluded to before this application will allow you to add friends and create a comfortable forum with those friends to discuss
your thoughts on recent beers you all have had.
When checking in beers you will do so by: Brewery, Name of beer, Style, Vintage, Description, and a Rating.
Users will be able to search through all beers that have been checked in based on the keywords described above; this will allow
them to view what others have thought about a beer they are interested in to help them decide if they would like to purchase it.
Eventually i'd like to implement a "Purchased At" function to allow users to know exactly where they can find that beer they've
heard so much about.




Required Technologies:
Java
JavaScript
Spring Boot
Hibernate
Html
ThymeLeaf
Css
Bootstrap
My SQL
(Probably More)


Through the course of building this application I will need to learn at least some JavaScript to make a more user friendly and
aesthetically pleasing front-end.
Learning how to add some form of mapping/gps would be a great addition to the "Purchased At" function I described before. If
users could just click a venue and be given an address and directions, that would make finding your newest beers even easier.


User Stories:
https://www.pivotaltracker.com/n/projects/2186293




